README.md, before:

# Calculator Kit

## Table of Contents
1. [Overview](#Overview)
1. [Product Spec](#Product-Spec)
1. [Wireframes](#Wireframes)

## Overview
### Description
A calculator app that is featuring different calculators on Android phone.

### App Evaluation
- **Category:** Utilities / Tool
- **Mobile:** This app would be primarily developed for mobile but would perhaps be just as viable on a computer. Functionality wouldn't be limited to mobile devices, however mobile version could potentially have more features.
- **Story:** User will press start and then be naviagted to the options of calculators. After a calculator and other options are selected, inputs will be asked, a caculation will be processed, and a result will be outputted.
- **Market:** Any individual that needs to perform a calculation can use this app. This app can be very useful for students and math teachers.
- **Habit:** This app could be used anytime an individual needs to perform a calculation.
- **Scope:** This app will be on the google playstore.

## Product Spec
### 1. User Stories (Required and Optional)

**Required Must-have Stories**

* User inputs data and receives computated answers.
* Calculator has different screens and ability to perform their own tasks.
* User switchs between multiple calculator types.

**Optional Nice-to-have Stories**

* Computation history is saved even after the app is closed.
* Computation history can be cleared by the user.
* Results can be shared to other apps.
* User can click a button to save results to clipboard.

### 2. Screen Archetypes

* App introduction
* Selection - User select which calculator he/she want to use
   * Simple calculator
   * Geometry calculator
   * Matrix calculator
   * Conversion calculator
* Simple Calculator Screen
   * Performs addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division
* Geometry Calculator Screen 
   * Allows user to choose calculation and shape to perform geometry calculation
* Matrix Calculator Screen.
   * Allows user to input matrix dimension to solve matrix problem
* Conversion Calculator Screen
   * Allows user to choose from unit to unit to want to convert and calculate the answer.

### 3. Navigation

**Tab Navigation** (Tab to Screen)

* Simple calculator
* Geometry calculator
* Matrix calculator
* Conversion calculator


## Wireframes
<img src="wireframe.jpg" width=1350><br>

## Schema 
### Models
#### Post

N/A 
Application does not use network connections
### Networking
#### List of network requests by screen
N/A 
Application does not use network connections

Commit message:

Updated README.md: Changed user stories to have checklists; Added gif walkthrough for Geometry Angles Calculator

README.md, after:

# Calculator Kit

## Table of Contents
1. [Overview](#Overview)
1. [Product Spec](#Product-Spec)
1. [Wireframes](#Wireframes)

## Overview
### Description
A calculator app that is featuring different calculators on Android phone.

### App Evaluation
- **Category:** Utilities / Tool
- **Mobile:** This app would be primarily developed for mobile but would perhaps be just as viable on a computer. Functionality wouldn't be limited to mobile devices, however mobile version could potentially have more features.
- **Story:** User will press start and then be naviagted to the options of calculators. After a calculator and other options are selected, inputs will be asked, a caculation will be processed, and a result will be outputted.
- **Market:** Any individual that needs to perform a calculation can use this app. This app can be very useful for students and math teachers.
- **Habit:** This app could be used anytime an individual needs to perform a calculation.
- **Scope:** This app will be on the google playstore.

## Product Spec
### 1. User Stories (Required and Optional)

**Required Must-have Stories**

-[x] Main Menu - User navigate to the calculator user wants to use
   -[x] Simple calculator
   -[x] Geometry calculator
   -[x] Matrix calculator
   -[x] Conversion calculator
-[ ] Simple Calculator
   -[ ] Performs addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division
-[ ] Geometry Calculator
   -[x] User can navigate to four other calculators: Area, Surface Area, and Volume; Intersections; Distance; Angles
   -[ ] Allows user to choose calculation and shape to perform geometry calculation
      -[ ] Area, Surface Area, and Volume
      -[ ] Intersections
      -[ ] Distance
      -[x] Angles
-[ ] Matrix Calculator
   -[ ] Allows user to input matrix dimension to solve matrix problem
-[ ] Conversion Calculator
   -[ ] Allows user to choose from unit to unit to want to convert and calculate the answer.


**Optional Nice-to-have Stories**

* Computation history is saved even after the app is closed.
* Computation history can be cleared by the user.
* Results can be shared to other apps.
* User can click a button to save results to clipboard.

### 2. Screen Archetypes

* App introduction
* Selection - User select which calculator he/she want to use
   * Simple calculator
   * Geometry calculator
   * Matrix calculator
   * Conversion calculator
* Simple Calculator Screen
   * Performs addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division
* Geometry Calculator Screen 
   * Allows user to choose calculation and shape to perform geometry calculation
* Matrix Calculator Screen.
   * Allows user to input matrix dimension to solve matrix problem
* Conversion Calculator Screen
   * Allows user to choose from unit to unit to want to convert and calculate the answer.

### 3. Navigation

**Tab Navigation** (Tab to Screen)

* Simple calculator
* Geometry calculator
* Matrix calculator
* Conversion calculator


## Wireframes
<img src="wireframe.jpg" width=1350><br>

## Schema 
### Models
#### Post

N/A 
Application does not use network connections
### Networking
#### List of network requests by screen
N/A 
Application does not use network connections

### 4. App Walkthough GIF

## Calculator Kit --> Geometry Calculator --> Angles

<img src="walkthroughAnglesCalculator.gif" width=500><br>
